university/repository/ScheduleCourses.java
 university.repository.ScheduleCourses
university/service/DTO/CourseDTO.java
 university.service.DTO.CourseDTO
university/controller/HumanController.java
 university.controller.HumanController
university/service/StudentService.java
 university.service.StudentService
university/controller/SemesterController.java
 university.controller.SemesterController
university/repository/Course.java
 university.repository.Course
university/controller/CourseController.java
 university.controller.CourseController
university/configuration/MessageConfig.java
 university.configuration.MessageConfig
university/service/DTO/ScheduleCourseDTO.java
 university.service.DTO.ScheduleCourseDTO
university/service/DTO/HumanDTO.java
 university.service.DTO.HumanDTO
university/service/ProfessorService.java
 university.service.ProfessorService
university/repository/CourseRepository.java
 university.repository.CourseRepository
university/service/HumanService.java
 university.service.HumanService
university/repository/StudentRepository.java
 university.repository.StudentRepository
university/controller/StudentController.java
 university.controller.StudentController
university/repository/Semester.java
 university.repository.Semester
university/repository/ProfessorRepository.java
 university.repository.ProfessorRepository
university/controller/ProfessorController.java
 university.controller.ProfessorController
university/service/DTO/StudentDTO.java
 university.service.DTO.StudentDTO
university/service/DTO/AssignmentResponse.java
 university.service.DTO.AssignmentResponse
university/repository/Human.java
 university.repository.Human
university/repository/SemesterRepository.java
 university.repository.SemesterRepository
university/service/SemesterService.java
 university.service.SemesterService
university/service/CourseService.java
 university.service.CourseService
university/repository/Student.java
 university.repository.Student
university/repository/ScheduleCoursesRepository.java
 university.repository.ScheduleCoursesRepository
university/service/DTO/SemesterDTO.java
 university.service.DTO.SemesterDTO
university/service/ScheduleCourseService.java
 university.service.ScheduleCourseService
university/service/DTO/ProfessorDTO.java
 university.service.DTO.ProfessorDTO
university/service/DTO/AssignmentRequest.java
 university.service.DTO.AssignmentRequest
university/repository/HumanRepository.java
 university.repository.HumanRepository
university/repository/Professor.java
 university.repository.Professor
university/UniversityApp.java
 university.UniversityApp
university/message/QueueSender.java
 university.message.QueueSender
university/controller/ScheduleCoursesController.java
 university.controller.ScheduleCoursesController
